# React-The-Complete-Guide
<div data-purpose="safely-set-inner-html:description:description"><p>---</p><p><strong>What's this course about?</strong></p><p>Learn React or dive deeper into it.&nbsp;Learn the theory, solve assignments, practice in demo projects and build one big application which is improved throughout the course:&nbsp;The Burger Builder!</p><p><strong>More details please!</strong></p><p>JavaScript is the <strong>major driver</strong> of modern web applications since it's the only programming language which runs in the browser and hence allows you to provide highly reactive apps. You'll be able to achieve mobile-app like user experiences in the web.</p><p>But using JavaScript <strong>can be challenging</strong> - it quickly becomes overwhelming to create a nice web app with vanilla JavaScript and jQuery only.</p><p><strong>React to the rescue!&nbsp;</strong></p><p><strong>React is all about components</strong> - basically custom HTML&nbsp;elements - with which you can quickly build amazing and powerful web apps. Just build a component once, configure it to your needs, dynamically pass data into it (or listen to your own events!) and re-use it as often as needed.</p><p>Need to display a list of users in your app?&nbsp;It's as simple as creating a "User"&nbsp;component and outputting it as often as needed.</p><p>This course will <strong>start at the very basics</strong> and explain what exactly React is and how you may use it (and for which kind of apps). Thereafter, we'll go all the way <strong>from basic to advanced</strong>. We'll not just scratch the surface but dive deeply into React as well as popular libraries like react-router and Redux.&nbsp;</p><p>By the end of the course, you can build amazing React (single page)&nbsp;applications!</p><p>A detailed list with the course content can be found below.</p><p><strong>Who's teaching you in this course?</strong></p><p>My name is Maximilian Schwarzmüller, I'm a freelance web developer and worked with React in many projects. I'm also a 5-star rated instructor here on Udemy. I&nbsp;cover React's most popular alternatives - Vue and Angular - as well as many other topics. I know what I'm talking about and I&nbsp;know where the pain points can be found.</p><p>It's my goal to get you started with React as quick as possible and ensure your success. But I don't just focus on students getting started. I want everyone to benefit from my courses, that's why we'll dive deeply into React and why I&nbsp;made sure to also share knowledge that's helpful to&nbsp;advanced React developers.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Is this course for you?</strong></p><p>This course is for you if ...</p><ul><li><p>...you're just getting started with frontend/&nbsp;JavaScript development and only got the JS&nbsp;basics set (no prior React or other framework experience is required!)</p></li><li><p>...you're experienced with Angular or Vue but want to dive into React</p></li><li><p>...know the React basics but want to refresh them and/ or dive deeper</p></li><li><p>...already worked quite a bit with React but want to dive deeper and see it all come together in a bigger app</p></li></ul><p><strong>What should you bring to succeed in that course?</strong></p><ul><li><p>HTML + CSS&nbsp;+ JavaScript knowledge is required. You don't need to be an expert but the basics need to be set</p></li><li><p>NO&nbsp;advanced JavaScript knowledge is required, though you'll be able to move even quicker through the course if you know next-gen JavaScript features like ES6 Arrow functions.<strong> A short refresher about the most important next-gen features is provided in the course though.</strong></p></li></ul><p><strong>What's inside the course?</strong></p><ul><li><p>The "What", "Why"&nbsp;and "How"</p></li><li><p>React Basics (Base features, syntax and concepts)</p></li><li><p>Managing state with class-based components and React Hooks</p></li><li><p>How to output lists and conditional content</p></li><li><p>Styling of React components</p></li><li><p>A deep dive into the internals of React and advanced component features</p></li><li><p>How to access Http content from within React apps (AJAX)</p></li><li><p>Redux,&nbsp;Redux, Redux ... from basics to advanced!</p></li><li><p>Forms and form validation in React apps</p></li><li><p>Authentication</p></li><li><p>An introduction to unit testing</p></li><li><p>An introduction to Next.js</p></li><li><p>React app deployment instructions</p></li><li><p>...and much more!</p></li></ul></div>
